The capstone project represents
an experiment and the project itself is really to decide what next.
How do we take this experimental data that's been
rolling for about a month and turn that into,
discover which are the groups in there and what are the offers that really excite people?
So, the Capstone Project is about discovering what is the best offer in there,
not just for the population as a whole but at an individual personalized level.
This is a simulated data for the sake of testing the algorithms,
not simulated data for the sake of mimicking real people.
Certain kinds of people will respond to certain offers in different ways.
Some people may respond negatively.
That's another thing to watch out for in some of these experiments is that,
sometimes people really don't want to see what you have to
send them and the best thing to do is to not send something.
What you'll want to know is that you understand the cause and effect and that largely
the way you're framing and thinking about
the problem is consistent with what the data's telling you.